what is git
    version control system i.e. used to manage changes in a project's source code.
advantages of git
    Users can work independently without interfering each others code and without affecting main source code.
git architecture
    Look image.........
repository
    it is a space where all our codebase and its changes are is stored. 
local repository
    repository i.e. stored in our local storage/ system.
remote repository
    repository i.e. stored in a server.
commits
    It is a snapshot of the code at a perticular instant of time. It represents a complete set of change made to the codebase.
staging
    Process of preparing the code to be commited.
push
    Used to transfer the commits from local repository to remote repository.
pull
    Used to get the modified code from remote to local repository.
clone
    Used to copy the whole code from remote repository to local repository.
remote
    It is used to add the url of remote repository to local repository.
branches
    Separate line of development created from a specific commit to the codebase. Each branch has 
    a own set of changes that can be merged when ready.
advantages of branches
    Allows developers to work on the code independently. It also allows developers to 
    experiment with new features without affecting the main codebase.
fetch
    The git fetch command is used to download the latest changes from a remote repository to your local repository. 
    It does not merge the changes into your local branch. Instead, it creates a new branch called FETCH_HEAD that contains the changes. 
    You can then use the git merge command to merge the changes from FETCH_HEAD into your local branch.
checkout
    Used to switch branches. Can also be used to retrieve the code from previous commits.
    checkout works to switch between versions of code already on the local system.
switch
    only used to switch between branches. If you have unstaged changes on the current branch, git switch will abort the switch.
merge
    combines changes of two or more branches into one.
stash
    Used to store the uncommited work temporarily.
Revert
    Used to undo a change in the repository. It does not overwrite the commit history. After reverting the history will increased by 1.
reset
    it is also used to undo a change in a repository. It overwrites the history. 
amend
    Used to modify the most recent commit message.
cherry pick
     is a command that allows you to take a single commit from one branch and add it as the latest commit on another branch.
     The rest of the commits in the source branch are not added to the target. 


      o--o--o
     /
o--o--o--o
        \
         o--o--o
           \
            o--o--o